[CrowdStrike Falcon] Additional command to get IOA Rules for custom IOA rule triggered detections. (#31992)
demisto/content: Packs/CrowdStrikeFalcon/ReleaseNotes/1_12_12.md

#### Integrations

##### CrowdStrike Falcon

> - Added 1 new command:
>     - ***cs-falcon-ioarules***
> 
> This command allows to retrieve rules for Custom IOA rules detections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the ***cs-falcon-ioarules*** command that allows to retrieve rules for Custom IOA rules detections.
```
